# Oasis Infobyte Tasks

## Overview
I had the privilege of undertaking an internship at CodeSoft, where I served as a Java Development Intern. This experience has been both enriching and rewarding, providing me with valuable insights into the dynamic world of Java and its applications.

## Tasks Completed
During my internship, I successfully completed a range of tasks that enhanced my skills and knowledge in the field. Some of the key tasks include:

## Task 02 - NUMBER GUESSING GAME

The fun and easy project “Guess the Number” is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:

The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.
The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.
The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.
The game continues under the user guessing the number.
You can also incorporate further details as:

Limiting the number of attempts.
Adding more rounds.
Displaying score.
Giving points based on the number of attempts.

"Embark on the fun 'Guess the Number' Java project! Guess a computer-generated number, receive clues, earn points, and enjoy rounds in this engaging and interactive game. Challenge accepted!"


## Task 03 - ATM INTERFACE

We have all come across ATMs in our cities and it is built on Java. This complex project consists of
five different classes and is a console-based application. When the system starts the user is
prompted with user id and user pin. On entering the details successfully, then ATM functionalities
are unlocked. The project allows to perform following operations:

1. Transactions History
2. Withdraw
3. Deposit
4. Transfer
5. Quit

"This Java program includes a console-based ATM application with five classes. Upon successful user authentication, it enables transactions such as history viewing, withdrawals, deposits, transfers, and quitting."

   
